welcome to the man of recaps this is the
Walking Dead Season ten episode three
now there's nothing I hate more than
when a series dedicates an entire
episode to dream sequences and
hallucinations Walking Dead has maybe
the worst example of this back in season
3 I think when Rick spends the entire
episode after Lori dies talking to her
on the phone
luckily this one's not as bad it's just
Carol who's been sleep-deprived and
poppin pills think she sees Henry the
other parts of the episode though I
liked quite a bit so let's dive into it
the opening sequence is super cool they
do this whole like time countdown thing
as multiple waves of zombies are sort of
coming at Alexandria small groups at
first and our people take them out no
problem but as they start coming in
larger waves were reminded that dealing
with a big order of zombies is still
pretty difficult especially when new
waves keep coming every hour it's
wearing the group down they are all
getting sleep-deprived finally they're
approached by gamma the new whisperers
captain she's like yo these zombies
aren't actually us and alpha wants to
meet it's hard to say if she's telling
the truth
Eugene points out that the satellite
probably drew in zombies from all around
the surrounding area but also it's
totally possible alpha is sending these
zombies Adam so you know we'll see Aaron
is in charge of a zombie killing squad
and Gabriel tells him to take negan with
him this is a big deal actually giving
negan a weapon nians done a great job of
laying low so much that Gabriel now
kinda trusts him but Aaron does not
trust negan he's very much against this
this story in the episode I like a lot
because of the cool power dynamic here
they only gave him a stick to fight
zombies with and when negan picks up a
crowbar Aaron's all like yo no you put
that down medium is a great job of
pushing the boundaries here it's like
hey you know how far will Aaron let me
go so when some zombies tackle him negan
does not immediately help Aaron's
temporarily blinded I thought the zombie
just spit in his eyes but I guess he had
some flower juices growing on him anyway
Aaron stumbles into the cabin where
negan is sitting not revealing himself
I'm very excited to see where the negan
Redemption art goes this season if he
truly will or if he'll just pretend to
be redeemed and then who knows but in
any case for now when some new zombies
come negan does bust in there and save
Aaron's life Aaron being blinded he's
vulnerable
well he's sort of forced to trust me
again at this point and so negan takes
advantage of that for the rest of the
episode he's holding the crowbar Aaron
can't say anything about it meanwhile
the main characters go to meet alpha her
group is creepy as always she's like
look I know you guys crossed the border
to put out the fire but it wasn't just
then I saw you guys cross during the
winter storm last season and in Episode
one when you and Aaron went on the
bridge where are these whispers watching
everything just like behind every single
tree she's like hey I can be reasonable
I'm not gonna unleash my whole zombie
horde just for this but I am gonna move
the border up and take more land alpha
verse Carol is the big dynamic this
season Carol hates her because she put
Henry's head on a pike in fact she
brought a gun gonna shoot her but how
much onand Daryl stopped her
that was the smart thing to do because
you know they couldn't provoke the
retaliation of unleashing the giant
nuclear option zombie horde but it's
still frustrating cuz alphas gotta go on
the way back Carol spots a few
whisperers following them and shoots
Adam chases him off the group goes to
look for him but doesn't find anything
Carol's been poppin lots of pills lately
so you know maybe with the sleep
deprivation and the pill popping she's
hallucinating them either away when they
take shelter in this abandoned school
for the night Carol hallucinates all
sorts of stuff and like I said I hate it
it's boring I'm not even to talk about
it in the end she's caught in a trap and
fighting off a bunch of zombies and at
the time we thought this was probably
just a hallucination too somehow though
Carol was injured so they bring her to
the doctor's where Siddiq is still
having his PTSD flashbacks of being at
the whisperers group when they were
cutting off the heads for pikes new
doctor Dante is there to help out though
they get Carol patched up he seems to be
a really nice guy actually he claims to
have been an Army medic and had some
PTSD problems of his own so he helps a
decal my episode 1 claim that because
Sadiq was staring at his mouth maybe he
was one of the whisperers but now I'm
thinking that wasn't the case Siddiq was
just staring at his mouth you know cuz
he's a weirdo also there's a quick convo
with Eugene and Rosita she spells it out
very clearly that nothing romantic is
ever gonna happen between them this is
sad for Eugene he really thought that
one day he could get out of the
friendzone then at the end of the
episode we see that there are a bunch of
dead zombies in the gymnasium
Harold didn't hallucinate that part and
in fact the one she shot we follow the
trail of blood it was a whisperer who
now wakes up I think as a zombie and
that's where the episode ends so there
you have episode three the plot not
moved very much forward but the cold war
between whisperers and good guys is kita
Nana
[Music]